the film starts with two guards from
security company fortico on the job
when a cement truck pulls in ahead of them
outsteps a gunman along with the rest of
his team as they begin to attack the truck
they force the guards outside as they start
pulling the money bags out of the truck but
gunshots are hurt in the midst of the chaos
three months after the incident a man named
patrick hill nicknamed his h is starting his
first day on the job with fortico he is trained
by bullet and introduced to other guards like
boy sweat dave who is antagonistic with h their
manager terry mentions the previous truck incident
wherein the two guards plus a civilian were
killed another guard also attempts to riley
chop when he learns that h is replacing him but
h is calmly able to get the man to leave without
a confrontation h is out on a job with dave when
they are forced by armed robbers to stop for them
since they have bullet captive they ordered
h and dave to drive to a certain location
dave is frightened and thinks they shouldn't
do what they say but for bullet's sake they do
they have age throw the money bags into the back
of a pickup but he purposely drops one off the
truck when one of the gunman steps out h throws
a bag but then quickly shoots the man in the head
he proceeds to open fire on all the gunmen before
pursuing the leader through the nearby building
h manages to corner him and blow out his
brains h's actions on the job are met with
scrutiny by terry but fortico ceo blake halls
commands age and thinks he should be promoted
the other guards applaud his heroics as well h is
called in to review footage of the previous truck
robbery to see if any of the gunman in the videos
seem familiar to him during the recent robbery
h has his eye on one specific gunman but
he tells the others that nothing appears
familiar the two agents are then shown
to be working for an agent named king
as he thinks h will lead him and his guys to the
crew responsible for the first robbery another
attempted robbery takes place with the crooks
attempting to smoke h and dave out of the truck
however when h steps out and reveals his
face the gunman appear to recognize him and
promptly retreat bullet knows this and thinks
there is more to h calling him a dark spirit
h sleeps with a guard named dana but when
he finds a stack of money in her apartment
he interrogates her and learns that she recovered
some of that money illegally from a previous job
h then has an associate named kirsty
bring him some files that he requested
five months earlier h was with his son doogie who
is visiting the states while on holiday h gets a
call from his former criminal employer mike who
was also the leader of the group that ran away
from h but mike asks sage for help with one last
job but he need not be directly involved h drives
with doogie near the docks where the robbery
is set to take place only telling mike which
way the truck is heading as h is getting food for
himself and doogie the cement truck guys show up
to pull off the robbery one of the gunman orders
doogie out of the van h sees what is happening
and runs to his son but a gunman with a scar near
his eye shoots and kills doogie before h can save
him and he shoots h repeatedly as well h is in a
coma for nearly three weeks before recovering and
being told doogie is dead he meets with ex-wife
jane who blames age for the death of their son he
later meets with mike and his cohorts who all feel
some responsibility for what happened to doogie
and agree to help h look for the men responsible
the group interrogates one team violently until
they give up the name of some criminal brothers h
is led to a building where the brothers keep women
as sex slaves with nothing else to go by h kills
the brothers and has the men free the women after
age starts working at fortico he takes note of the
guards working there which is why he asked kirsty
to get him some files they are background checks
on the guards plus an autopsy report on doogie's
death we meet the crew responsible for the
first robbery led by a man named jackson in his
employer carlos sam tom brad and jan the latter
being the one who killed doogie and shot age
they are seen planning the truck robbery
during a party for one of jackson's kids
the crew goes off onto the robbery noticing h
and doogie pull in during the robbery sam orders
doogie out of the van and to get on the floor jan
goes off the rails and shoots the two guards dead
when he notices doogie having seen him he shoots
him dead before shooting h following the aftermath
of that heist the crew is planning their next and
final robbery a score of over 150 million dollars
to be split between them and their man on the
inside bullet jackson and tom go over the plan
weeks in advance they are both concerned over jan
knowing his behavior of going off plan but jackson
is confident that in the end he will follow orders
the crew proceeds to head over to fortico where
bullet confesses to h that he is the inside
man that tells the crews which trucks to hit
jackson's crew commences the robbery and with
bullets cover blown he kills dana and another
guard before killing dave h manages to get
a few of jackson's men but bullet shoots him
and incapacitates him before they drive away h
gets a good look at jan and recognizes him as
doogie's killer police head in on the scene and
battle the robbers amidst the chaos jackson is
shot in the neck while riding with jan and bullet
when they have to abandon the truck jan finishes
jackson off by slitting his throat after bullet
realizes jan is a traitor he attempts to kill him
only for jan to act first and blow bullets brains
out he proceeds to make off with all the loot in
tow sometime later jan is planning to get away
when he receives a phone call h then appears
behind him and throws him doogie's autopsy report
which reads that he was shot in his liver lungs
spleen and heart h then proceeds to shoot jan in
those exact places making sure to save the heart
for last he leaves the apartment and is met by
king assuring him that the job is done and that
he can presumably recover the stolen money h then
gets in a car with another man and drives away
thank you for viewing our movie recapped i
hope you have enjoyed watching our videos
please like and share the video and
subscribe to our channel to help us grow
click the notification bell so you will
be notified when we upload our next videos